## create src/index.js

/src index.html

We also need to adjust our package.json file in order to make sure we mark our package as private, as well as removing the main entry. This is to prevent an accidental publish of your code.

open the index.html will see hello webpack in the chrome browser

There are problems with managing JavaScript projects this way:

It is not immediately apparent that the script depends on an external library.
If a dependency is missing, or included in the wrong order, the application will not function properly.
If a dependency is included but not used, the browser will be forced to download unnecessary code.
Let's use webpack to manage these scripts instead.

Creating a Bundle

make a dist folder in it create a index.html

To bundle the lodash dependency with index.js, we'll need to install the library locally:

npm install --save lodash

When installing a package that will be bundled into your production bundle, you should use npm install --save. If you're installing a package for development purposes (e.g. a linter, testing libraries, etc.) then you should use npm install --save-dev. More information can be found in the npm documentation. `npm i -S or npm i -D ` regarding your needed

With that said, let's run npx webpack, which will take our script at src/index.js as the entry point, and will generate dist/main.js as the output. The npx command, which ships with Node 8.2/npm 5.2.0 or higher, runs the webpack binary (./node_modules/.bin/webpack) of the webpack package we installed in the beginning:

run `npx webpack` or ` npx webpack --mode development` then open the index.html in dist folder to see the result

## Modules

The import and export statements have been standardized in ES2015. They are supported in most of the browsers at this moment, however there are some browsers that don't recognize the new syntax. But don't worry, webpack does support them out of the box.

Behind the scenes, webpack actually "transpiles" the code so that older browsers can also run it. If you inspect dist/main.js, you might be able to see how webpack does this, it's quite ingenious! Besides import and export, webpack supports various other module syntaxes as well, see Module API for more information.

Note that webpack will not alter any code other than import and export statements. If you are using other ES2015 features, make sure to use a transpiler such as Babel or Bublé via webpack's loader system.
