# Output Management

We can see that webpack generates our print.bundle.js and index.bundle.js files, which we also specified in our index.html file. if you open index.html in your browser, you can see what happens when you click the button.

But what would happen if we changed the name of one of our entry points, or even added a new one? The generated bundles would be renamed on a build, but our index.html file would still reference the old names. Let's fix that with the HtmlWebpackPlugin.

## Setting up HtmlWebpackPlugin

First install the plugin and adjust the webpack.config.js file:
`npm install --save-dev html-webpack-plugin`

Before we do a build, you should know that the HtmlWebpackPlugin by default will generate its own index.html file, even though we already have one in the dist/ folder. This means that it will replace our index.html file with a newly generated one. Let's see what happens when we do an npm run build:

If you open index.html in your code editor, you'll see that the HtmlWebpackPlugin has created an entirely new file for you and that all the bundles are automatically added.

If you want to learn more about all the features and options that the HtmlWebpackPlugin provides, then you should read up on it on the HtmlWebpackPlugin repo.
https://github.com/jantimon/html-webpack-plugin

## Cleaning up the /dist folder

output.clean option.

```js
 output: {
    filename: '[name].bundle.js',
    path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'),
    clean: true,
},
```

run `npm run build` see the dist difference

## The Manifest

You might be wondering how webpack and its plugins seem to "know" what files are being generated. The answer is in the manifest that webpack keeps to track how all the modules map to the output bundles. If you're interested in managing webpack's output in other ways, the manifest would be a good place to start.

The manifest data can be extracted into a json file for easy consumption using the WebpackManifestPlugin.

We won't go through a full example of how to use this plugin within your projects, but you can read up on the concept page and the caching guide to find out how this ties into long term caching.

## Conclusion

Now that you've learned about dynamically adding bundles to your HTML, let's dive into the development guide. Or, if you want to dig into more advanced topics, we would recommend heading over to the code splitting guide.
