## development

Using source maps

```js
 devtool: 'inline-source-map',
```

When webpack bundles your source code, it can become difficult to track down errors and warnings to their original location. For example, if you bundle three source files (a.js, b.js, and c.js) into one bundle (bundle.js) and one of the source files contains an error, the stack trace will simply point to bundle.js. This isn't always helpful as you probably want to know exactly which source file the error came from.

In order to make it easier to track down errors and warnings, JavaScript offers source maps, which map your compiled code back to your original source code. If an error originates from b.js, the source map will tell you exactly that.

There are a lot of different options available when it comes to source maps. Be sure to check them out so you can configure them to your needs.

For this guide, let's use the **inline-source-map** option, which is good for illustrative purposes (though not for production):

create a err in print.js

in browser we saw` print.js:2 Uncaught ReferenceError: cosole is not defined at HTMLButtonElement.printMe (print.js:2)`

## Choosing a Development Tool

There are a couple of different options available in webpack that help you automatically compile your code whenever it changes:

webpack's Watch Mode
webpack-dev-server
webpack-dev-middleware
In most cases, you probably would want to use webpack-dev-server, but let's explore all of the above options.

Using Watch Mode

> You can instruct webpack to "watch" all files within your dependency graph for changes. If one of these files is updated, the code will be recompiled so you don't have to run the full build manually.

add npm scripts `"watch": "webpack --watch",`

`npm run watch `

Now save your file and check the terminal window. You should see that webpack automatically recompiles the changed module!

The only downside is that you have to refresh your browser in order to see the changes. It would be much nicer if that would happen automatically as well, so let's try webpack-dev-server which will do exactly that

## Using webpack-dev-server

> The webpack-dev-server provides you with a simple web server and the ability to use live reloading.
> `npm install --save-dev webpack-dev-server`

in webpack.config.js add

```js
 devtool: 'inline-source-map',
    devServer: {
    contentBase: './dist',
    },
```

This tells webpack-dev-server to serve the files from the dist directory on localhost:8080

serves bundled files from the directory defined in output.path, i.e., files will be available under http://[devServer.host]:[devServer.port]/[output.publicPath]/[output.filename].

webpack-dev-server doesn't write any output files after compiling. Instead, it keeps bundle files in memory and serves them as if they were real files mounted at the server's root path. If your page expects to find the bundle files on a different path, you can change this with the publicPath option in the dev server's configuration.

"start": "webpack serve --open",

Now we can run npm start from the command line and we will see our browser automatically loading up our page. If you now change any of the source files and save them, the web server will automatically reload after the code has been compiled. Give it a try!

The webpack-dev-server comes with many configurable options. Head over to the documentation to learn more.

## Using webpack-dev-middleware

is a wrapper that will emit files processed by webpack to a server. This is used in webpack-dev-server internally, however it's available as a separate package to allow more custom setups if desired. We'll take a look at an example that combines webpack-dev-middleware with an express server.

Let's install express and webpack-dev-middleware so we can get started:

`npm install --save-dev express webpack-dev-middleware`

```js
   output: {
     filename: '[name].bundle.js',
     path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'),
     clean: true,
    publicPath: '/', //add this line
   },
```

add server.js in root dir

change npm srcrips in package.json

`"server": "node server.js",`

Now in your terminal run `npm run server`, it should give you an output similar to this:

Example app listening on port 3000!

Now fire up your browser and go to http://localhost:3000. You should see your webpack app running and functioning!

## Conclusion

Now that you've learned how to automatically compile your code and run a simple development server, you can check out the next guide, which will cover Code Splitting.
