## There are three general approaches to code splitting available:

1. Entry Points: Manually split code using entry configuration.
2. Prevent Duplication: Use Entry dependencies or SplitChunksPlugin to dedupe and split chunks.
3. Dynamic Imports: Split code via inline function calls within modules.

## 1

If there are any duplicated modules between entry chunks they will be included in both bundles.
It isn't as flexible and can't be used to dynamically split code with the core application logic.

看两个打包后的 js 文件 都引入 loadsh

Prevent Duplication
Entry dependencies
The dependOn option allows to share the modules between the chunks:

If we're going to use multiple entry points on a single HTML page, optimization.runtimeChunk: 'single' is needed too, otherwise we could get into trouble described here.

As you can see there's another runtime.bundle.js file generated besides shared.bundle.js, index.bundle.js and another.bundle.js.

## SplitChunksPlugin

```js
const path = require("path");

module.exports = {
  mode: "development",
  entry: {
    //entry config like this
    index: "./src/index.js",
    another: "./src/another-module.js",
  },
  output: {
    filename: "[name].bundle.js",
    path: path.resolve(__dirname, "dist"),
  },
  //add this line
  optimization: {
    splitChunks: {
      chunks: "all",
    },
  },
};
```

Here are some other useful plugins and loaders provided by the community for splitting code:

mini-css-extract-plugin: Useful for splitting CSS out from the main application.

## 3 Dynamic Imports

> Two similar techniques are supported by webpack when it comes to dynamic code splitting. The first and recommended approach is to use the import() syntax that conforms to the ECMAScript proposal for dynamic imports. The legacy, webpack-specific approach is to use require.ensure. Let's try using the first of these two approaches...

- import() es6
- require.ensure webpack-specific approach element UI 里面用到过

remove entry senond config and file

```js
const path = require("path");

module.exports = {
  mode: "development",
  entry: {
    index: "./src/index.js",
    //remove
    another: "./src/another-module.js",
  },
  output: {
    filename: "[name].bundle.js",
    path: path.resolve(__dirname, "dist"),
  },
  //remove
  optimization: {
    splitChunks: {
      chunks: "all",
    },
  },
};
```

```js
function getComponent() {
  return import("lodash")
    .then(({ default: _ }) => {
      const element = document.createElement("div");

      element.innerHTML = _.join(["Hello", "webpack"], " ");

      return element;
    })
    .catch((error) => "An error occurred while loading the component");
}

getComponent().then((component) => {
  document.body.appendChild(component);
});
```

The reason we need default is that since webpack 4, when importing a CommonJS module, the import will no longer resolve to the value of module.exports, it will instead create an artificial namespace object for the CommonJS module. For more information on the reason behind this, read webpack 4: import() and CommonJs.

As import() returns a promise, it can be used with async functions. Here's how it would simplify the code:

```js
async function getComponent() {
  try {
    const { default: _ } = await import("lodash");
    const element = document.createElement("div");

    element.innerHTML = _.join(["Hello", "webpack1111"], " ");
    return element;
  } catch (error) {
    console.log(error);
  }
}
```

## Prefetching/Preloading modules

> cnblogs.com/skychx/p/webpack-webpackChunkName-webpackPreload-webpackPreload.html

- prefetch: resource is probably needed for some navigation in the future
- preload: resource will also be needed during the current navigation

Simple prefetch example can be having a HomePage component, which renders a LoginButton component which then on demand loads a LoginModal component after being clicked

LoginButton.js

```js
import(/* webpackPrefetch: true */ "./path/to/LoginModal.js");
```

Using webpackPreload incorrectly can actually hurt performance, so be careful when using it.

## Bundle Analysis

- The official analyze tool is a good place to start. There are some other community-supported options out there as well:

- webpack-chart: Interactive pie chart for webpack stats.
- webpack-visualizer: Visualize and analyze your bundles to see which modules are taking up space and which might be duplicates.
- webpack-bundle-analyzer: A plugin and CLI utility that represents bundle content as a convenient interactive zoomable treemap.
- webpack bundle optimize helper: This tool will analyze your bundle and give you actionable suggestions on what to improve to reduce your bundle size.
- bundle-stats: Generate a bundle report(bundle size, assets, modules) and compare the results between different builds.

## lazy loading

- code splitting use import('path').then()
- vue https://vuedose.tips/dynamic-imports-in-vue-js-for-better-performance/
- react https://reactrouter.com/web/guides/code-splitting
