## caching

So we're using webpack to bundle our modular application which yields a deployable /dist directory. Once the contents of /dist have been deployed to a server, clients (typically browsers) will hit that server to grab the site and its assets. The last step can be time consuming, which is why browsers use a technique called caching. This allows sites to load faster with less unnecessary network traffic. However, it can also cause headaches when you need new code to be picked up.

This guide focuses on the configuration needed to ensure files produced by webpack compilation can remain cached unless their content has changed.

## Output Filenames

output : filename: "[name].[contenthash].js",

run `npm run build`
result is
src_loginBtn_js.d2bc4223965c448a2080.js

## Extracting Boilerplate

optimization: {
runtimeChunk: 'single',
},

It's also good practice to extract third-party libraries, such as lodash or react, to a separate vendor chunk as they are less likely to change than our local source code. This step will allow clients to request even less from the server to stay up to date. This can be done by using the cacheGroups option of the SplitChunksPlugin demonstrated in Example 2 of SplitChunksPlugin. Lets add optimization.splitChunks with cacheGroups with next params and build:

optimization: {
runtimeChunk: 'single',
splitChunks: {
cacheGroups: {
vendor: {
test: /[\\/]node_modules[\\/]/,
name: 'vendors',
chunks: 'all',
},
},
},

## Module Identifiers

The main bundle changed because of its new content.
The vendor bundle changed because its module.id was changed.
And, the runtime bundle changed because it now contains a reference to a new module.
The first and last are expected, it's the vendor hash we want to fix. Let's use optimization.moduleIds with 'deterministic' option:

moduleIds: 'deterministic',

runtime.8b31d5a299c1fcd51f90.js 15.1 KiB vendors.56e0d37c3c0eb717b680.js 1.37 MiB index.e070efbb7b7790936fc0.js 2.89 KiB

runtime.8b31d5a299c1fcd51f90.js 15.1 KiB vendors.56e0d37c3c0eb717b680.js 1.37 MiB index.e070efbb7b7790936fc0.js 2.89 KiB

对比 两次 数字 id 不变 就可以了

npm run build 查看效果

## Conclusion

Caching can be complicated, but the benefit to application or site users makes it worth the effort. See the Further Reading section below to learn more.
